README.md, before:

# BookBytes

Welcome to BookBytes where you can discover awesome new books or rediscover old favorites.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'book_bytes'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install book_bytes

## Usage

- Download or clone the project file
- Open the console, navigate to the root project folder
- Type:
```ruby
ruby bin/book_bytes
```
- Follow the on-screen prompts

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/theresamorelli/book_bytes.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Added more info to readme and spec files

README.md, after:

# BookBytes

Welcome to BookBytes where you can discover awesome new books or rediscover old favorites. Read the first few paragraphs of a random book in a category you choose, then decide whether you want more information.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'book_bytes'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install book_bytes

## Usage

- Download or clone the project file
- Open the console, navigate to the root project folder
- Type:
```ruby
ruby bin/book_bytes
```
- Follow the on-screen prompts

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/theresamorelli/book_bytes. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
